this just one of 160 air strikes by the
Israeli military on Gaza overnight and
into this
morning the homes of Hamas leaders now
being targeted as well as command
centers and Rocket launching
sites the hospitals here filling up
rapidly with casualties at least 25
people have now been killed in the last
few days most of them civilians and
including five children according to
Palestinian Health officials I think
what's needed that Israel should have an
end for this criminal belligerant
occupation and they shouldn't be awarded
for the war crimes they are doing Israel
should stop once and for good uh The
Siege on Gaza and stop suffocating 2
million Palestinian
people but this morning aade Sirens once
again in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv
forcing people to Run for Cover as yet
more more Rockets were fired from Gaza
so far the attacks here and elsewhere in
Israel have caused panic but not any
casualties in part because the Israelis
say they've shot down some of the
Rockets with their missile defense
system and they're now indicating they
want to stop the attacks once and for
all we tried to deescalate messages were
sent we told Hamas to stop this rocket
fire but they continued
and now we are acting the Israeli
Defense Forces are acting to bring about
a situation where the people of Israel
no longer have to live in fear already
Israeli tanks have been deployed near
the border with Gaza ready for a ground
offensive if the ORD given at the moment
it does seem that Israel is preparing
for what could be a long military
campaign Richard Galpin BBC News